# Dunk-it-together

Dunk It Together is a simple tile-based scrolling platformer game for a single player. The main character is a basketball player who is capable of jumping over cars and dunking on basketball hoops. The general theme can be described as the game is based on regular car road that the character runs on, along with a plain imaginary wall in the background. All of the drawings on the wall (background), as well as the game map, were done using Mappy. Some drawings represent an idea that smoking can be harmful to our surroundings, yet the others are abstractly done with colored tiles. The game, however, is simple to play - using only few keyboard buttons, but can get repetitively annoying along the progress due to its precise collision detections (specially on dunk attempts).
A player begins the game with welcoming screen and starts moving forward with RIGHT key after introduced with simple instruction to start. As they continue, instructions will be displayed in the background as guiding them through gradually. First, player learns when to hold on SPACE for a successful dunk - how much distant from the hoop - because a particular range from the hoop needs to obtained prior making successful dunks. When player performs a successful dunk, the hoop will switch the colors of its board, and start moving itself. Moreover, simple information text on the top left of a screen displays total dunk attempts, the distance traveled so far, and dunker’s alignment with either of the hoops ( the closer to 0, the more chance for a successful dunk). As player proceeds and is aware of all the keyboard buttons available already, game gets harder in which user needs to dodge the cars while trying to make dunk attempts. When user dodges cars with UP and DOWN keys, cars will go in slow motion as their speeds get decreased, and get back to normal speed on either of those keys’ release. Gameplay is divided into checkpoints, each made with unique actions of hoops. Players also can restart from
the last checkpoint when collided with objects, or when the hoops pass the screen without successful dunk. The goal of a player is to reach the end of a game by traveling as less distance as possible with minimum dunk attempts.
